Oh
so speed camera set and action it's the
second day of our filming and we are
doing the meeting scene which is when
Gavin first meet Stacy witnessing is
right when we when we wrote this we
honestly wrote it as Leicester Square
and then we were when we even when we
write when well they'll never will never
be out filming in Leicester Square
whenever I've the money to film it and
that's the square and then it's just so
weird it's a little bit self-conscious
today cuz there are so many people
around it's really exciting except I do
look like a prostitute and I had quite a
few funny looks so far no one's come up
to me and said yep are you that guy for
telly or you know films and they just
keep coming up to him and growing mania
Miller in the Catherine Tate Show making
me
it's been tough I'm not gonna lie Dave
it's been a real sucker punch
not the wind out miss our honest I've
got here someone going your a-game I
know thing is I will give it to me you
it's a world of pain waiting if you do
yeah right now I can't go after him you
have to do me first then him with all
due respect he is he is a foil in a
sketch show and look look at the
attention
meet some major Joe mistakes me hi yeah
and she is Stacey in real life I think
this is my fourth coffee of the day
earlier on I said to her oh you've got
day off tomorrow and what you gonna do
when she said I'm going to do my washing
in the morning plan got any pants and
I'm so glad that's the first thing
that's been said about we on can't
replace battery yeah and you're all out
and all out of gas these marks have put
down so that you that we know where to
stand you watch if you watch dodgy sort
of some dodgy TV dramas you see people
and they've got a mark down and it's
quite hard to know where you've got to
stand but they'll do this they'll go see
him walk into the scene and they go high
like that and they sort of look down
before and it's quite tricky we all do
it sometimes but so that's the trick
she's difficult because Matt's blind in
one eye something like that be worth
oh really and I'm colorblind so that's
no good
presenter oh sure mate yeah and I'll
call it a Daris all right no worries
yeah no it's not gonna do it I have a
little go it's fast really playing up on
me today he's going back to Scarborough
as well so much tonight have you got
your batteries in the wrong way